It's a disease. What are you talking nonsense about?
It’s been ten years since your mother
Your father didn't go back, so how could she have an illegitimate child?
Why did she break up with me because of you and the security guard?
Your father retired from the army and started his own business from scratch.
Now standing on the electric red,
She does things her own way.
It's a mistake. If she doesn't recognize it, I won't recognize her.
Then do you know that your father flew to the late stage,
She doesn't have much time?
What did you say?
My dad, what are you doing?
My dad really flew in late.
So what did he ask you to do?
Just do whatever you want
Can't be wrong
Then I know
do something
Although I was asked to personally hire a security guard to get married
Although I still do it myself
Why is this security guard still in the Electrical Department? Are you okay?